Maciej Malawski holds Ph.D. in Computer Science, M.Sc.
in Computer Science and in Physics. He is an assistant 
professor and a researcher at the
Department of Computer Science AGH and at ACC Cyfronet
AGH, Krakow, Poland. In 2011-13 he was a postdoc and a 
visiting faculty at Center for Research Computing, 
University of Notre Dame, USA. 
He is coauthor of over 50 international
publications including journal and conference
papers, and book chapters. He participated in EU ICT Cross-
Grid, ViroLab, CoreGrid and VPH-Share projects. His scientific
interests include parallel computing, grid and cloud
systems, distributed service- and component-based computing,
and scientific applications.

Gideon Juve is a Computer Scientist at the 
USC Information Sciences Institute. 
He earned B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science 
from the University of Southern California. 
His research focuses on resource management 
techniques for scientific workflows in clusters, grids, and clouds.


Ewa Deelman is a Research Associate Professor 
at the USC Computer Science Department 
and a Project Leader at the USC Information Sciences Institute. 
Dr. Deelman’s research interests include the design and exploration 
of collaborative, distributed scientific environments, 
with particular emphasis on workflow management 
as well as the management of large amounts of data and metadata. 
At ISI, Dr. Deelman is leading the Pegasus project, 
which designs and implements workflow mapping techniques 
for large-scale applications running in distributed environments. 
Pegasus is being used today in a number of scientific disciplines, 
enabling researches to formulate complex computations in a declarative way. 
Over the years, Dr. Deelman worked with a number of application domains 
including astronomy, bioinformatics, earthquake science, 
gravitational-wave physics, and others. 
As part of these collaborations, new advances in computer science 
and in the domain sciences were made. For example, the data intensive 
workflows in LIGO (gravitational-wave physics) motivated new 
workflow analysis algorithms that minimize workflow data 
footprint during execution. On the other hand, 
improvements in the scalability of workflows enabled SCEC scientists 
(earthquake science) to develop new physics-based seismic hazard maps 
of Southern California. In 2007, Dr. Deelman edited a book on workflow research: 
“Workflows in e-Science: Scientific Workflows for Grids”, 
published by Springer. She is also the founder of the annual 
Workshop on Workflows in Support of Large-Scale Science, 
which is held in conjunction with the Super Computing conference. 
In 1997 Dr. Deelman received her Ph.D. in Computer Science 
from the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.



Jarek Nabrzyski received his Ph.D. and M.Sc. in Computer
Science and Engineering from Poznan University of Technology,
Poland. Currently he is director of the Center for
Research Computing and concurrent associate professor
at the Department of Computer Science and Engineering
at the University of Notre Dame. He co-authored over 50
publications in international journals and conferences, one
co-edited book and several conference proceedings. His
scientific interests include operations research, resource
management in distributed and cloud computing systems,
scientific applications and multi-criteria decision support
systems. Nabrzyski manages a multidisciplinary team of 35 
research staff consisting of computational scientists, 
HPC engineers and research programmers.